### Access Token Response [RFC6749-4.2.2]

If the `resource owner` grants the access request, the `authorization
server` issues an `access token` and delivers it to the `client` by adding
the following parameters to the **fragment component** of the redirection
URI using the `"application/x-www-form-urlencoded"` format.

The `authorization server` MUST NOT issue a `refresh token`.

Developers should note that some `user-agent`s do not support the
inclusion of a fragment component in the HTTP "Location" response
header field. Such clients will require using other methods for
redirecting the client than a 3xx redirection response -- for
example, returning an HTML page that includes a 'continue' button
with an action linked to the redirection URI.

#### Example:

```http response
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Location: http://example.com/cb#access_token=2YotnFZFEjr1zCsicMWpAA&state=xyz&token_type=example&expires_in=3600
```

#### Parameters

```
format: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
location: url fragment component
delivery: redirection
```

`access_token`
: REQUIRED. The `access token` issued by the `authorization server`.

`token_type`
: REQUIRED. The type of the token issued as described in [RFC6749-7.1].
Value is case insensitive.

`expires_in`
: RECOMMENDED. The lifetime in seconds of the `access token`. For
example, the value "3600" denotes that the `access token` will
expire in one hour from the time the response was generated.
If omitted, the `authorization server` SHOULD provide the
expiration time via other means or document the default value.

`scope`
: OPTIONAL, if identical to the scope requested by the `client`;
otherwise, REQUIRED. The `scope` of the `access token` as
described by [RFC6749-3.3].

`state`
: REQUIRED if a "state" parameter was present in the client
authorization request. The exact value received from the
client.

[RFC6749-3.3]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-3.3

[RFC6749-4.2.2]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-4.2.2

[RFC6749-7.1]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-7.1
