### 4.1.2.1. Error Response [RFC6749-4.1.2.1]

If the request fails due to a missing, invalid, or mismatching
redirection URI, or if the client identifier is missing or invalid,
the `authorization server` SHOULD inform the `resource owner` of the
error and MUST NOT automatically redirect the `user-agent` to the
invalid redirection URI.

If the `resource owner` denies the access request or if the request
fails for reasons other than a missing or invalid redirection URI,
the `authorization server` informs the `client` by adding the following
parameters to the **query component** of the redirection URI using the
`"application/x-www-form-urlencoded"` format.

#### Example:

```http request
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Location: https://client.example.com/cb?error=access_denied&state=xyz
```

#### Parameters

```
format: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
location: url query component
delivery: redirection
```

`error`
: REQUIRED. A single ASCII error code from the following:

- `invalid_request`
  The request is missing a required parameter, includes an
  invalid parameter value, includes a parameter more than
  once, or is otherwise malformed.

- `unauthorized_client`
  The `client` is not authorized to request an `authorization
  code` using this method.

- `access_denied`
  The `resource owner` or `authorization server` denied the request

- `unsupported_response_type`
  The `authorization server` does not support obtaining an
  `authorization code` using this method.

- `invalid_scope`
  The requested scope is invalid, unknown, or malformed.

- `server_error`
  The `authorization server` encountered an unexpected
  condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request.
  (This error code is needed because a 500 Internal Server
  Error HTTP status code cannot be returned to the client
  via an HTTP redirect.)

- `temporarily_unavailable`
  The `authorization server` is currently unable to handle
  the request due to a temporary overloading or maintenance
  of the server. (This error code is needed because a 503
  Service Unavailable HTTP status code cannot be returned
  to the client via an HTTP redirect.)

`error_description`
: OPTIONAL. Human-readable ASCII text providing
additional information, used to assist the client developer in
understanding the error that occurred.

`error_uri`
: OPTIONAL. A URI identifying a human-readable web page with
information about the error, used to provide the client
developer with additional information about the error.

`state`
: REQUIRED if a "state" parameter was present in the client
authorization request. The exact value received from the
client.

[RFC6749-4.1.2.1]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-4.1.2.1
