### 4.1.1. Authorization Request [RFC6749-4.1.1]

The `client` constructs the request URI by adding the following
parameters to the **query component** of the `authorization endpoint` URI
using the `"application/x-www-form-urlencoded"` format.

The `client` directs the `resource owner` to the constructed URI using an
HTTP redirection response, or by other means available to it via the
`user-agent`.

The `authorization server` validates the request to ensure that all
required parameters are present and valid.

If the request is valid, the `authorization server` authenticates the
`resource owner` and obtains an authorization decision (by asking the
resource owner or by establishing approval via other means).

When a decision is established, the `authorization server` directs the
`user-agent` to the provided client redirection URI using an HTTP
redirection response, or by other means available to it via the `user-agent`.

#### Example:

```http request
GET /authorize?
    response_type=code&
    client_id=s6BhdRkqt3&state=xyz&
    redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fclient%2Eexample%2Ecom%2Fcb HTTP/1.1
Host: server.example.com
```

#### Parameters

```
format: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
location: url query component
delivery: redirection
```

`response_type`
: REQUIRED. Value MUST be set to `code`.

`client_id`
: REQUIRED. The client identifier as described in [RFC6749-2.2].

`redirect_uri`
: OPTIONAL. As described in [RFC6749-3.1.2].

`scope`
: OPTIONAL. The scope of the access request as described by [RFC6749-3.3].

`state`
: RECOMMENDED. An opaque value used by the `client` to maintain
state between the request and callback. The `authorization server` includes
this value when redirecting the `user-agent` back
to the `client`. The parameter SHOULD be used for preventing
cross-site request forgery
as described in [RFC6749-10.12].

[RFC6749-2.2]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.2

[RFC6749-3.1.2]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-3.1.2

[RFC6749-3.3]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-3.3

[RFC6749-4.1.1]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-4.1.1

[RFC6749-10.12]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-10.12
