### 5.1 Successful Response [RFC6749-5.1]

The `authorization server` issues an `access token` and optional `refresh
token`, and constructs the response by adding the following parameters
to the **entity-body** of the HTTP response with a **200 (OK)** status code:
The parameters are included in the **entity-body** of the HTTP response
using the `"application/json"` media type as defined by `RFC4627`. The
parameters are serialized into a `JavaScript Object Notation (JSON)`
structure by adding each parameter at the highest structure level.
Parameter names and string values are included as JSON strings.
Numerical values are included as JSON numbers. The order of
parameters does not matter and can vary.
The `authorization server` MUST include the HTTP `"Cache-Control"`
response header field `RFC2616` with a value of `"no-store"` in any
response containing tokens, credentials, or other sensitive
information, as well as the `"Pragma"` response header field `RFC2616`
with a value of `"no-cache"`.

#### Example:

```http response
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8
Cache-Control: no-store
Pragma: no-cache
{
  "access_token": "2YotnFZFEjr1zCsicMWpAA",
  "token_type": "example",
  "expires_in": 3600,
  "refresh_token": "tGzv3JOkF0XG5Qx2TlKWIA",
  "example_parameter": "example_value"
}
```

#### Parameters

```
format: application/json
location: entity-body
delivery: connection
```

`access_token`
: REQUIRED. The `access token` issued by the `authorization server`.

`token_type`
: REQUIRED. The type of the token issued
as described in [RFC6749-7.1]. Value is case insensitive.

`expires_in`
: RECOMMENDED. The lifetime in seconds of the `access token`. For
example, the value "3600" denotes that the `access token` will
expire in one hour from the time the response was generated.
If omitted, the `authorization server` SHOULD provide the
expiration time via other means or document the default value.

`refresh_token`
: OPTIONAL. The `refresh token`, which can be used to obtain new
`access token`s using the same `authorization grant` as described
in [RFC6749-6].

`scope`
: OPTIONAL, if identical to the scope requested by the `client`;
otherwise, REQUIRED. The `scope` of the `access token` as described by [RFC6749-3.3].

[RFC6749-5.1]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-5.1

[RFC6749-7.1]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-7.1

[RFC6749-3.3]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-3.3

[RFC6749-6]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-6
