### 5.2. Error Response [RFC6749-5.2]

The `authorization server` responds with an HTTP **400 (Bad Request)**
status code (unless specified otherwise) and includes the following
parameters with the response:
The parameters are included in the **entity-body** of the HTTP response
using the `"application/json"` media type as defined by `RFC4627`. The
parameters are serialized into a JSON structure by adding each
parameter at the highest structure level. Parameter names and string
values are included as JSON strings. Numerical values are included
as JSON numbers. The order of parameters does not matter and can
vary.

#### Example

```http response
HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8
Cache-Control: no-store
Pragma: no-cache
{
  "error": "invalid_request"
}
```

#### Parameters

```
format: application/json
location: entity-body
delivery: connection
```

`error`
: REQUIRED. A single ASCII error code from the following:

- `invalid_request`
  The request is missing a required parameter, includes an
  unsupported parameter value (other than grant type),
  repeats a parameter, includes multiple credentials,
  utilizes more than one mechanism for authenticating the
  client, or is otherwise malformed.

- `invalid_client`
  Client authentication failed (e.g., unknown client, no
  client authentication included, or unsupported
  authentication method). The `authorization server` MAY
  return an HTTP 401 (Unauthorized) status code to indicate
  which HTTP authentication schemes are supported. If the
  client attempted to authenticate via the "Authorization"
  request header field, the authorization server MUST
  respond with an HTTP `401 (Unauthorized)` status code and
  include the `"WWW-Authenticate"` response header field
  matching the authentication scheme used by the client.

- `invalid_grant`
  The provided `authorization grant` (e.g., authorization
  code, resource owner credentials) or `refresh token` is
  invalid, expired, revoked, does not match the redirection
  URI used in the authorization request, or was issued to
  another client.

- `unauthorized_client`
  The authenticated `client` is not authorized to use this
  authorization grant type.

- `unsupported_grant_type`
  The authorization grant type is not supported by the `authorization server`.

- `invalid_scope`
  The requested scope is invalid, unknown, malformed, or
  exceeds the `scope` granted by the `resource owner`.

`error_description`
: OPTIONAL. Human-readable ASCII text providing
additional information, used to assist the client developer in
understanding the error that occurred.

`error_uri`
: OPTIONAL. A URI identifying a human-readable web page with
information about the error, used to provide the client
developer with additional information about the error.

[RFC6749-5.2]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-5.2
