### 4.3.2. Access Token Request [RFC6749-4.3.2]

The `client` makes a request to the `token endpoint` by adding the
following parameters using the `"application/x-www-form-urlencoded"`
format in the HTTP request **entity-body**:

If the `client` type is `confidential` or the `client` was issued client
credentials (or assigned other authentication requirements), the
`client` MUST authenticate with the `authorization server`
as described in [RFC6749-3.2.1].

#### Notes for `authorization server`

- require client authentication for confidential clients or for any
  client that was issued client credentials (or with other
  authentication requirements),
- authenticate the client if client authentication is included, and
- validate the resource owner password credentials using its
  existing password validation algorithm.
  Since this access token request utilizes the resource owner's
  password, the authorization server MUST protect the endpoint against
  brute force attacks (e.g., using rate-limitation or generating
  alerts).

#### Example:

```http request
POST /token HTTP/1.1
Host: server.example.com
Authorization: Basic czZCaGRSa3F0MzpnWDFmQmF0M2JW
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
grant_type=password&username=johndoe&password=A3ddj3w
```

#### Parameters

```
format: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
location: entity body
delivery: connection
```

`grant_type`
: REQUIRED. Value MUST be set to `password`.

`username`
: REQUIRED. The resource owner username.

`password`
: REQUIRED. The resource owner password.

`scope`
: OPTIONAL. The scope of the access request as described by [RFC6749-3.3]

[RFC6749-4.3.2]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-4.3.2

[RFC6749-3.3]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-3.3

[RFC6749-3.2.1]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-3.2.1
